SSL encryption (#43)
ONLYOFFICE/docker-onlyoffice-nextcloud: README.md

    docker-compose up -d
    ```

>     To enable SSL encryption, create `certs` folder and copy the private key named as `tls.key` and the certificate named as `tls.crt` to it.  

Reviewer: I don't have a lot of context about how this works. Where should the `certs` folder be created? And where can I get the `tls.key` and `tls.crt` to copy?

Author: in folder where docker-compose.yml and ssl.yml is

Reviewer: Thank you. Where can I find the `tls.key` and `tls.cert`? Do I need to generate those some where? Do I need to get them from letsencrypt?

Author: yes, you can get them from lestencrypt for your domain.
if you do not have your own domain, you can generate a self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: I've spent a few hours trying to get a `tls.key` and `tls.cert`. The letsencrypt website told me to use certbot, so I installed that, and ran `sudo certbot certonly --standalone`, which generated some `.pem` files. I don't see any of the files you mentioned anywhere. I can't even find them in the certbot docs: https://certbot.eff.org/docs/search.html?q=tls.crt

Can you tell me what needs to be done to get these files?

Author: put in `certs` `fullchain.pem` as `tls.crt` and `privkey.pem` as `tls.key`

Reviewer: Amazing! It's working! <3 Thank you so much for your help!

For the sake of other people being able to follow the directions, it might be helpful to add a link to certbot directions and mention that the pem files should be renamed. I never would have guessed that.

>     To enable SSL encryption, create `certs` folder and copy the private key named as `tls.key` and the certificate named as `tls.crt` to it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To enable SSL encryption, first create a self-signed certificate or [get one from a certificate authority](https://certbot.eff.org/), then create a `certs` folder at the base of this repo and copy your certificate and private key files into it, naming them `tls.cert` and `tls.key`, respectively.
```
